you will be provided with the BitonicArray but
otherwise call this mountain array
You have to find the maximum Elements index and return
it
Let us see what is BitonicArray If
you see this array
In the beginning the array elements are increasing and after
a particular index the elements will be present in descending
order
If you plot them in a graph they will be in the
shape of a mountain this type of array is called
a mountain array or BitonicArray
Given an array like this you have to find the
index of the peak element here
The peak element is 35 it is present at the
index three so you have to return three
If they given array is 1872 you have to
return one.